this very informal group of teenagers is
the Cougar marching band of Kern's High
School in Utah they are in fact one of
the very finest high school precision
marching bands among the thousands of
such bands in the United States they
have gathered here to rehearse for the
upcoming Christmas parade at nearby Salt
Lake City
Hal Randall Spock is the leader here in
some ways he is like the coach of an
athletic team with 144 members music
program is really great because you can
get a large number of kids involved in
something that's really worthwhile and
they can really achieve and and when
they feel like they're really belonging
to something and and something that's
worthwhile like a band program that's
representing the school in the district
and the state of Utah and so on that
they get a lot a lot of pride and then
when they get some pride there they find
that they do better in school they're
more active they kind of come other
shells a little bit and become an
individual instead of sitting in the
corner type thing in addition to
maintaining proper scholastic standing
band members must divide their time
between practicing and working after
school in order to help pay for uniforms
and travel expenses
they are on their way to Salt Lake City
for these students there are a lot of
reasons to be part of the band they do
it for the travel and camaraderie and
fun of it and for the satisfaction of
doing something well
the Christmas parade is a popular event
some 50,000 people from the surrounding
area line the downtown streets along the
two-mile route the flags the ban carries
honor the country's where it has
performed Mexico England Scotland
Switzerland and France